Add dxDiagram demo descriptions (#138)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Diagram/CustomShapesWithTemplatesWithEditing/description.md

> In this demo, the [customShapeTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/#customShapeTemplate) option defines a common shape template and adds the **Edit** and **Delete** links to a shape. These links allow users to modify and remove employee data in the data source. The **Diagram** widget reloads the modified diagram data on every data source change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this demo, the [customShapeTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/#customShapeTemplate) option defines a common shape template and adds the **Edit** and **Delete** links to a shape. These links allow users to modify and remove employee data in the data source. The **Diagram** widget reloads the modified diagram data every time the data source changes.

```

The [onRequestLayoutUpdate](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/#onRequestLayoutUpdate) function specifies whether the widget should reapply the auto layout after the diagram is reloaded.

> The [customDataExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/nodes/#customDataExpr) option links custom employee information from the data source to diagram nodes. Changes in the data are reflected in the diagram history. Users can utilize the UI to undo and redo these changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [customDataExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/nodes/#customDataExpr) option links custom employee information from the data source to diagram nodes. Changes made to the data are reflected in the diagram history. The undo and redo actions in the UI allow users to revert these changes.

```
